SPCTR-2968: Fix - Content Timeline connector icon is not getting updated with the one which was set above (#3277)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###
* Fix: Form - Resolved an issue in which the submit button would appear differently on the frontend when no preset from the variation picker was selected.

### 2.6.8 - WEDNESDAY, 21st JUNE 2023 ###
* Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue in which the background color would appear transparent after installing the WooCommerce plugin.
* Fix: Call To Action - Resolved an issue wherein an extra margin would appear above the heading of the Call To Action block in the Spectra One theme.

> * Fix: Form - Resolved an issue in which the submit button would appear differently on the frontend when no preset from the variation picker was selected.

Reviewer: @rajmohanreddy774 Please get change-log entry added back for 2.6.8

### x.x.x ###
* Fix: Forms - Resolved an issue in which the overall alignment would not work as intended when three forms are placed with different alignments.
* Fix: Testimonial - Resolved an inssue in which the arrows would overlap the content on mobile devices.

> * Fix: Content Timeline - Fixed default icon issue when adding new content timeline child, icon is not getting updated with the one which was set above in the editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix: Content Timeline - Resolved an issue in which the user-defined icon would not appear on new timeline items in the editor.
```
